feat: added `dns_cache_timeout` for option `CURLRequest` (#9553)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/libraries/curlrequest.rst

.. literalinclude:: curlrequest/023.php

dns_cache_timeout
=================

.. versionadded:: 4.7.0

> By default, CodeIgniter does not change the PHP DNS Cache Timeout value. If you need to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, CodeIgniter does not change the DNS Cache Timeout value (``120`` seconds). If you need to
```

.. literalinclude:: curlrequest/023.php

dns_cache_timeout
=================

.. versionadded:: 4.7.0

> By default PHP, CodeIgniter does not change the DNS Cache Timeout value (``120`` seconds). If you need to

Reviewer: I think the PHP here needs to be removed.

modify this value, you can do so by passing an amount of time in seconds with the ``dns_cache_timeout`` option.

.. literalinclude:: curlrequest/037.php

> .. note:: Based on documentation `libcurl <https://curl.se/libcurl/c/CURLOPT_DNS_CACHE_TIMEOUT.html>`__, you can set to zero to completely disable caching, or set to -1 to make the cached entries remain forever.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: Based on the `libcurl <https://curl.se/libcurl/c/CURLOPT_DNS_CACHE_TIMEOUT.html>`__ documentation, you can set to zero (``0``) to completely disable caching, or set to ``-1`` to make the cached entries remain forever.
```
